Add application LaRA (#10)
seqan/www.seqan.de: _apps/lara.md

---
title: LaRA 2, efficient sequence-structure alignments of ncRNA
layout: app
contact: Jörg Winkler
categories: official
links:
  website: https://seqan.github.io/lara
  download: https://github.com/seqan/lara/tarball/master
  source: https://github.com/seqan/lara
---

**General Context**: The function of non-coding RNA sequences is largely determined by their spatial conformation, 
formed by Watson-Crick interactions between nucleotides. In order to discover yet unknown RNA families and infer their 
possible functions, the structural alignment of RNAs is an essential task, which demands a lot of computational 
resources and efficient algorithms. Some secondary structures contain overlapping interactions (called pseudoknots), 
which add additional complexity to the problem and are often ignored in available software.

> **Tool Description**: LaRA (Lagrangian Relaxed structural Alignments) is a tool for computing pairwise 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tool Description**: LaRA (**La**grangian **R**elaxed structural **A**lignments) is a tool for computing pairwise 
```
